CrazyGames documentation improvement (#150)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/publishing/crazy-games/index.md

![Ball Challenge 2 on CrazyGames](crazy_games_ball_challenge_2.png)

## How to publish on CrazyGames

> Games can be published on CrazyGames through their website, and benefit of a QA Tool to check the SDK implementation that allow to triggers Ads, Banners, celebrate a win, invite button to various functionality related to the game.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Games can be published on CrazyGames through their website. CrazyGames offers a QA Tool to check the implementation of the extension: triggers ads, banners, celebrate a win, show the invite button and all the features offered by CrazyGames for a game.
```

Check the CrazyGames SDK extension to get helps on all CrazyGames' features.

> [CrazyGames SDK extension](/gdevelop5/extensions/crazy-games-ad-api/details){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read the CrazyGames SDK extension documentation](/gdevelop5/extensions/crazy-games-ad-api/details){ .md-button }
```
